README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive rating component solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive rating component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-rating-component-koxpeBUmI). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Select and submit a number rating
- See the "Thank you" card state after submitting a rating

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/DorcasKomane/interactive-rating-component](https://github.com/DorcasKomane/interactive-rating-component)
- Live Site URL: [https://fe-interactive-rating.netlify.app/](https://fe-interactive-rating.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - CSS extension language
- Flexbox

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```
```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```
```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
```

### Continued development

- This was my first time working with Sass, and I would like to use it in more projects to cement my understanding of this technology.
- I would like to work on more interactive projects to improve my JavaScript skills.

### Useful resources

- [Sass in 2 hours - by freeCodeCamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a5j7KoflTs&t=6243s) - This tutorial got me started with Sass. It provided enough information for me to use Sass for the first time.
- [Radio button without the dot](https://codepen.io/jacobberglund/pen/mdPEza) - This codepen helped me style the radio buttons for ratings, and use them without the circle/dot.
- [How to get value of selected radio button using JavaScript](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-get-value-of-selected-radio-button-using-javascript/) - This codepen helped me style the radio buttons for ratings, and use them without the circle/dot.

## Author

- Website - [Dorcas Komane](https://dorcas-portfolio-site.netlify.app/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@DorcasKomane](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/DorcasKomane)
- Twitter - [@DorcasInTech](https://www.twitter.com/DorcasInTech)


## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

Updated README.md file with lessons learned.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive rating component solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive rating component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-rating-component-koxpeBUmI). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Select and submit a number rating
- See the "Thank you" card state after submitting a rating

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/DorcasKomane/interactive-rating-component](https://github.com/DorcasKomane/interactive-rating-component)
- Live Site URL: [https://fe-interactive-rating.netlify.app/](https://fe-interactive-rating.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - CSS extension language
- Flexbox

### What I learned

- I learned a new technology (Sass), and was able to implement it in this project. I covered the following topics:
    - variables
    - mixins
    - functions
    - partials
- How to use an HTML element (in this case, radio buttons), to capture user choices.
- I also learned how to grab the user choice with JavaScript and display it in the DOM. 

### Continued development

- This was my first time working with Sass, and I would like to use it in more projects to cement my understanding of the technology.
- I would like to work on more interactive projects to improve my JavaScript skills.

### Useful resources

- [Sass in 2 hours - by freeCodeCamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a5j7KoflTs&t=6243s) - This tutorial got me started with Sass. It provided enough information for me to use Sass for the first time.
- [Radio button without the dot](https://codepen.io/jacobberglund/pen/mdPEza) - This codepen helped me style the radio buttons for ratings, and use them without the circle/dot.
- [How to get value of selected radio button using JavaScript](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-get-value-of-selected-radio-button-using-javascript/) - This tutorial helped me with adding functionality to the component.

## Author

- Website - [Dorcas Komane](https://dorcas-portfolio-site.netlify.app/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@DorcasKomane](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/DorcasKomane)
- Twitter - [@DorcasInTech](https://www.twitter.com/DorcasInTech)
